---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cycloid_credential Data Source - cycloid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This datasource allows you to fetch a credential and its value.
  You can define a specific organiztion with the organization attribute or it will default the the provider's organization settings.
  The populated fields will depend on the credential types.
---

# cycloid_credential (Data Source)

This datasource allows you to fetch a credential and its value. 
You can define a specific organiztion with the `organization` attribute or it will default the the provider's organization settings.
 
The populated fields will depend on the credential types.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `canonical` (String) The canonical of the credential to fetch, use either this or path.
- `organization` (String) The canonical of the organization where is store the credential, default to the provider's organization
- `path` (String) Vault path of the credential, mainly used in concourse.

### Read-Only

- `body` (Attributes, Sensitive) Contains the actual credential values, fields are populated depending on types, see [the documentation](https://docs.cycloid.io/reference/credentials/concepts). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--body))
- `description` (String) The description of the credential displayed in the UI.
- `keys` (List of String) List of all the keys available for the Credential
- `name` (String) The name of the credential displayed in the UI.
- `owner` (String) The canonical of the user that owns this credential.
- `type` (String) Type of the credential.

<a id="nestedatt--body"></a>
### Nested Schema for `body`

Optional:

- `raw` (Map of String) custom credential fields

Read-Only:

- `access_key` (String)
- `account_name` (String)
- `auth_url` (String)
- `ca_cert` (String)
- `client_id` (String)
- `client_secret` (String)
- `domain_id` (String)
- `environment` (String)
- `json_key` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `secret_key` (String)
- `ssh_key` (String)
- `subscription_id` (String)
- `tenant_id` (String)
- `username` (String)
