---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cycloid_credentials Data Source - cycloid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This datasource allows you to list the credentials of the designated cycloid organization.
  You can define a specific organiztion with the organization attribute or it will default the the provider's organization settings.
  Credentials types can be filtered using the credentials_types attribute, you can fill more than one.
  This datasource will only return the credentials metadata, if you need the credentials values, you will need to use the datasource_credential to retrieve them.
---

# cycloid_credentials (Data Source)

This datasource allows you to list the credentials of the designated cycloid organization. 
You can define a specific organiztion with the `organization` attribute or it will default the the provider's organization settings.
 
Credentials types can be filtered using the `credentials_types` attribute, you can fill more than one. 
This datasource will only return the credentials metadata, if you need the credentials values, you will need to use the `datasource_credential` to retrieve them.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `credential_types` (List of String) Filter credential by types, allowed types are [ssh aws custom azure azure_storage gcp basic_auth elasticsearch swift]
- `organization` (String) The canonical of an organization, will default to the provider organization settings.

### Read-Only

- `credentials` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials))

<a id="nestedatt--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials`

Read-Only:

- `canonical` (String) The canonical of the credential.
- `description` (String) The description of the credential displayed in the UI.
- `keys` (List of String) List of all the keys available for the Credential
- `name` (String) The name of the credential displayed in the UI.
- `owner` (String) User canonical that owns this credential. If omitted then the person creating this
credential will be assigned as owner. When a user is the owner of a credential he has
all the permissions on it.
- `path` (String) Vault path of the credential, mainly used in concourse.
- `type` (String) Type of the credential.
