# cycloid_credential (Resource)

[Cycloid credential](https://docs.cycloid.io/reference/credentials/) manager securly stores,
accesses, and distributes secrets like API keys, cloud provider credentials, TLS certificates, SSH keys and more.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cycloid_credential" "tf_credential" {
  name = "tfcredential"
  path = "pathcredential"
  type = "ssh"
  body = {
    ssh_key = var.credential_ssh_key
  }
}

provider "cycloid" {
  url                    = var.cycloid_api_url
  jwt                    = var.cycloid_api_key
  organization_canonical = var.cycloid_organization
}

terraform {
  required_providers {
    cycloid = {
      source = "cycloidio/cycloid"
    }
  }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name displayed in the UI of the credential.
- `path` (String) The credential path written in vault and use for `pipelines`.
- `type` (String) The type of the credential, see [the docs](https://docs.cycloid.io/reference/credentials/concepts).

### Optional

- `body` (Attributes, Sensitive) The credential values, use the fields related to the credential `type`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--body))
- `canonical` (String) The canonical of the credential.
- `description` (String) The description of the credential.
- `organization_canonical` (String) A canonical of an organization.
- `owner` (String) User canonical that owns this credential. If omitted then the person creating this
credential will be assigned as owner. When a user is the owner of a credential he has
all the permissions on it.

<a id="nestedatt--body"></a>
### Nested Schema for `body`

Optional:

- `access_key` (String) An AWS access key or Azure Storage Access key, required for type `aws` or `azure_storage`.
- `account_name` (String) Account name required for `azure_storage`.
- `auth_url` (String) Required for type `swift`.
- `ca_cert` (String) For type `elasticsearch`, you must fill either:
  - `ca_cert`
  - `username` + `password`
  - `username` + `password` + `cacert`.
- `client_id` (String) Required for type `azure`.
- `client_secret` (String) Required for type `azure`.
- `domain_id` (String) Required for type `swift`.
- `environment` (String)
- `json_key` (String) Required for type `gcp`.
- `password` (String) Required for type `basic_auth`, `swift`, `vmware` or `elasticsearch`.
- `raw` (Map of String) Credential fields required for type `custom`.
- `secret_key` (String) An AWS secret key, required for type AWS.
- `ssh_key` (String) Required for type `ssh`.
- `subscription_id` (String) Required for type `azure`.
- `tenant_id` (String) Required for type `swift`.
- `username` (String) Required for type `basic_auth`, `swift`, `vmware` or `elasticsearch`.



