---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cycloid_organization Resource - cycloid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Cycloid organization is the top-most entity level in Cycloid.
  Almost all resources in Cycloid are scoped by organizations.
  Organizations can be nested, meaning a org can have child and parent organizations.
  Lookup the Cycloid documentation https://docs.cycloid.io/reference/organizations for more information on organizations.
  Warning: an API key created in an organization can only manage its children.
---

# cycloid_organization (Resource)

A Cycloid organization is the top-most entity level in Cycloid.
Almost all resources in Cycloid are scoped by organizations.

Organizations can be nested, meaning a org can have child and parent organizations.
Lookup the [Cycloid documentation](https://docs.cycloid.io/reference/organizations) for more information on organizations.

Warning: an API key created in an organization can only manage its children.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cycloid_organization" "some_organization" {
  name = "My org"
  // Canonical will be inferred from the name to be a value like
  // canonical = "my-org"
}

// Organization with licence
resource "cycloid_organization" "org_with_licence" {
  name = "Licenced org"
  licence = {
    key = "my_licence_jwt (sensitive!)"
  }
}

// Child organization with a subscription plan
// Please, use the terraform `time_offset` resource to fill the expiration timestamp
resource "time_offset" "one_year" {
  offset_years = 1 // Licence valid 1 year
}

resource "cycloid_organization" "some_organization" {
  name                = "My sub org"
  parent_organization = cycloid_organization.org_with_licence.canonical
  subscription = {
    expires_at_rfc3339 = time_offset.one_year.rfc3339
    plan               = "platform_team"
    members_count      = 5
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `allow_destroy` (Boolean) Whether Terraform will allow destroying this organization. When set to false, prevents accidental data loss. Organizations are top-level entities that contain projects, environments, and components. Deleting an organization will permanently remove all contained resources.
- `canonical` (String) The canonical of an organization, fill either this or name at creation.
- `licence` (Attributes) Attributes related to the org licence, [docs here](https://docs.cycloid.io/reference/organizations/concepts/licencing). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--licence))
- `name` (String) The name of an organization, fill either this or canonical at creation.
- `parent_organization` (String) The canonical of the parent organization if you want this org to be a child organization.
- `soft_destroy` (Boolean) Whether to perform a soft destroy operation. When set to true, removes the organization from Terraform state but keeps it in Cycloid. This allows manual management of the organization through the UI or API after Terraform stops managing it.
- `subscription` (Attributes) Attributes related to the org subscription, [docs here](https://docs.cycloid.io/reference/organizations/concepts/licencing). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription))

### Read-Only

- `concourse` (Attributes) Data related to concourse (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--concourse))
- `has_children` (Boolean) `true` if the organization has child organizations.
- `id` (Number) The id of the organization.
- `is_root` (Boolean) `true` if the organization is the root organization of the Cycloid console.

<a id="nestedatt--licence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `licence`

Required:

- `key` (String, Sensitive) The licence key in JWT format. Required if `apply_licence` attribute is set.

Read-Only:

- `current_members` (Number) number of current members for this licence.
- `expires_at_rfc3339` (String) Unix timestamp (precise at the milliseconds) in rfc3339 format where where this licence expires.
- `expires_at_unix_timestamp` (Number) Unix timestamp (precise at the milliseconds) where this licence expires.
- `is_on_prem` (Boolean) `true` if this licence is made for on-premise deployment
- `members_count` (Number) number of allowed members for this licence, default to 5.


<a id="nestedatt--subscription"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription`

Optional:

- `expires_at_rfc3339` (String) Unix timestamp (precise at the milliseconds) in rfc3339 format where this subscription expires.
- `members_count` (Number) number of allowed members for this plan, default to 5.
- `plan` (String) The type of plan of this subscription, can be either `free_tier` or `platform_teams`, default to `platform_teams`

Read-Only:

- `current_members` (Number) number of current members for this plan.
- `expires_at_unix_timestamp` (Number) Unix timestamp (precise at the milliseconds) where this subscription expires.


<a id="nestedatt--concourse"></a>
### Nested Schema for `concourse`

Read-Only:

- `port` (String) The port number of the concourse instance linked to this org.
- `team_name` (String) The name of the concourse team linked to this organization.
- `url` (String) The URL to the concourse instance linked to this org.
